c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Presenter.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Presenter.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.xml
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.pdb
