c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Presenter.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Presenter.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.xml
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\gergo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebUI\WebUI\bin\DataAccess.pdb
